README.md, before:

# 🧠 Ontology for the Simulation of Diseases (OSDi)

The **Ontology for the Simulation of Diseases (OSDi)** provides a structured framework for health technology assessment and simulation modeling.

---

## 🔗 Persistent Identifier

**Base IRI:** [https://w3id.org/ontologies-ULL/OSDi](https://w3id.org/ontologies-ULL/OSDi)

This IRI resolves to the latest published version.

---

## 🧱 Repository and Documentation

- 📘 **Repository:** [ontologies-ULL/OSDi](https://github.com/ontologies-ULL/OSDi)
- 🌐 **Documentation:** [GitHub Pages](https://ontologies-ull.github.io/OSDi/)
- 🌐 **Tutorial:** [GitHub Pages](https://ontologies-ull.github.io/OSDi/tutorial/)

---

## 👥 Maintainers

- Iván Castilla Rodríguez — [icasrod@ull.edu.es](mailto:icasrod@ull.edu.es) — [GitHub](https://github.com/icasrod)
- Ontologies-ULL organization — [GitHub](https://github.com/ontologies-ULL)

---

## 📜 License
This repository (ontology, documentation and related files) is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/).

For commercial use, please contact the authors.

Commit message:

Updated actions and made index.html from the root of docs a redirection to tutorial/index.html

README.md, after:

# 🧠 Ontology for the Simulation of Diseases (OSDi)

The **Ontology for the Simulation of Diseases (OSDi)** provides a structured framework for health technology assessment and simulation modeling.

---

## 🔗 Persistent Identifier

**Base IRI:** [https://w3id.org/ontologies-ULL/OSDi](https://w3id.org/ontologies-ULL/OSDi)

This IRI resolves to the latest published version.

---

## 🧱 Repository and Documentation

- 📘 **Repository:** [ontologies-ULL/OSDi](https://github.com/ontologies-ULL/OSDi)
- 🌐 **Documentation:** [GitHub Pages](https://ontologies-ull.github.io/OSDi/)

---

## 👥 Maintainers

- Iván Castilla Rodríguez — [icasrod@ull.edu.es](mailto:icasrod@ull.edu.es) — [GitHub](https://github.com/icasrod)
- Ontologies-ULL organization — [GitHub](https://github.com/ontologies-ULL)

---

## 📜 License
This repository (ontology, documentation and related files) is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/).

For commercial use, please contact the authors.

## Available versions

<!-- BEGIN_OSDI_VERSIONS -->
*(this section is auto-generated; do not edit by hand)*
<!-- END_OSDI_VERSIONS -->
